Review firewall requirements (#4210)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_smart-proxy-port-and-firewall-requirements.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="{smart-proxy-context}-port-and-firewall-requirements"]
= {SmartProxy} port and firewall requirements

> The following tables indicate the destination port and the direction of incoming and outgoing traffic for a {SmartProxyServer}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following tables indicate the destination port and the direction of incoming and outgoing traffic for {SmartProxyServers}.
```

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="{smart-proxy-context}-port-and-firewall-requirements"]
= {SmartProxy} port and firewall requirements

The following tables indicate the destination port and the direction of incoming and outgoing traffic for a {SmartProxyServer}.

[NOTE]
====

> Required ports can change based on your configuration.

Author: Yes, it's what we currently have in the installation guide: https://docs.theforeman.org/3.15/Installing_Server/index-katello.html#Port_and_firewall_requirements_foreman

I don't know what the purpose is but your question is a good one to ask during a tech review (which I haven't formally requested yet but will soon).
